<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>XV</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-15" epub:type="chapter">
			<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">XV</h2>
			<p>Peace and quiet reigned ones more at Ft. Henry. Before the glorious autumn days had waned, the settlers had repaired the damage done to their cabins, and many of them were now occupied with the fall plowing. Never had the Fort experienced such busy days. Many new faces were seen in the little meeting house. Pioneers from Virginia, from Ft. Pitt, and eastward had learned that Fort Henry had repulsed the biggest force of Indians and soldiers that Governor Hamilton and his minions could muster. Settlers from all points along the river were flocking to <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane’s settlement. New cabins dotted the hillside; cabins and barns in all stages of construction could be seen. The sounds of hammers, the ringing stroke of the axe, and the crashing down of mighty pines or poplars were heard all day long.</p>
			<p><abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane sat oftener and longer than ever before in his favorite seat on his doorstep. On this evening he had just returned from a hard day in the fields, and sat down to rest a moment before going to supper. A few days previous Isaac Zane and Myeerah had come to the settlement. Myeerah brought a treaty of peace signed by Tarhe and the other Wyandot chieftains. The once implacable Huron was now ready to be friendly with the white people. <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane and his brothers signed the treaty, and Betty, by dint of much persuasion, prevailed on Wetzel to bury the hatchet with the Hurons. So Myeerah’s love, like the love of many other women, accomplished more than years of war and bloodshed.</p>
			<p>The genial and happy smile never left <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane’s face, and as he saw the well-laden rafts coming down the river, and the air of liveliness and animation about the growing settlement, his smile broadened into one of pride and satisfaction. The prophecy that he had made twelve years before was fulfilled. His dream was realized. The wild, beautiful spot where he had once built a bark shack and camped half a year without seeing a white man was now the scene of a bustling settlement; and he believed he would live to see that settlement grow into a prosperous city. He did not think of the thousands of acres which would one day make him a wealthy man. He was a pioneer at heart; he had opened up that rich new country; he had conquered all obstacles, and that was enough to make him content.</p>
			<p>“Papa, when shall I be big enough to fight bars and bufflers and Injuns?” asked Noah, stopping in his play and straddling his father’s knee.</p>
			<p>“My boy, did you not have Indians enough a short time ago?”</p>
			<p>“But, papa, I did not get to see any. I heard the shooting and yelling. Sammy was afraid, but I wasn’t. I wanted to look out of the little holes, but they locked us up in the dark room.”</p>
			<p>“If that boy ever grows up to be like Jonathan or Wetzel it will be the death of me,” said the Colonel’s wife, who had heard the lad’s chatter.</p>
			<p>“Don’t worry, Bessie. When Noah grows to be a man the Indians will be gone.”</p>
			<p><abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane heard the galloping of a horse and looking up saw Clarke coming down the road on his black thoroughbred. The Colonel rose and walked out to the hitching block, where Clarke had reined in his fiery steed.</p>
			<p>“Ah, Alfred. Been out for a ride?”</p>
			<p>“Yes, I have been giving Roger a little exercise.”</p>
			<p>“That’s a magnificent animal. I never get tired watching him move. He’s the best bit of horseflesh on the river. By the way, we have not seen much of you since the siege. Of course you have been busy. Getting ready to put on the harness, eh? Well, that’s what we want the young men to do. Come over and see us.”</p>
			<p>“I have been trying to come. You know how it is with me⁠—about 
			Betty, I mean. <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane, I⁠—I love her. That’s all.”</p>
			<p>“Yes, I know, Alfred, and I don’t wonder at your fears. But I have always liked you, and now I guess it’s about time for me to put a spoke in your wheel of fortune. If Betty cares for you⁠—and I have a sneaking idea she does⁠—I will give her to you.”</p>
			<p>“I have nothing. I gave up everything when I left home.”</p>
			<p>“My lad, never mind about that,” said the Colonel, laying his hand on Clarke’s knee. “We don’t need riches. I have so often said that we need nothing out here on the border but honest hearts and strong, willing hands. These you have. That is enough for me and for my people, and as for land, why, I have enough for an army of young men. I got my land cheap. That whole island there I bought from Cornplanter. You can have that island or any tract of land along the river. Some day I shall put you at the head of my men. It will take you years to cut that road through to Maysville. Oh, I have plenty of work for you.”</p>
			<p>“<abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane, I cannot thank you,” answered Alfred, with emotion. “I shall try to merit your friendship and esteem. Will you please tell your sister I shall come over in the morning and beg to see her alone.”</p>
			<p>“That I will, Alfred. Goodnight.”</p>
			<p><abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane strode across his threshold with a happy smile on his face. He loved to joke and tease, and never lost an opportunity.</p>
			<p>“Things seem to be working out all right. Now for some fun with Her 
			Highness,” he said to himself.</p>
			<p>As the Colonel surveyed the pleasant home scene he felt he had nothing more to wish for. The youngsters were playing with a shaggy little pup which had already taken Tige’s place in their fickle affections. His wife was crooning a lullaby as she gently rocked the cradle to and fro. A wonderful mite of humanity peacefully slumbered in that old cradle. Annie was beginning to set the table for the evening meal. Isaac lay with a contented smile on his face, fast asleep on the couch, where, only a short time before, he had been laid bleeding and almost dead. Betty was reading to Myeerah, whose eyes were rapturously bright as she leaned her head against her sister and listened to the low voice.</p>
			<p>“Well, Betty, what do you think?” said <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane, stopping before the girls.</p>
			<p>“What do I think?” retorted Betty. “Why, I think you are very rude to interrupt me. I am reading to Myeerah her first novel.”</p>
			<p>“I have a very important message for you.”</p>
			<p>“For me? What! From whom?”</p>
			<p>“Guess.”</p>
			<p>Betty ran through a list of most of her acquaintances, but after each name her brother shook his head.</p>
			<p>“Oh, well, I don’t care,” she finally said. The color in her cheeks had heightened noticeably.</p>
			<p>“Very well. If you do not care, I will say nothing more,” said <abbr>Col.</abbr> 
			Zane.</p>
			<p>At this juncture Annie called them to supper. Later, when <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane sat on the doorstep smoking, Betty came and sat beside him with her head resting against his shoulder. The Colonel smoked on in silence. Presently the dusky head moved restlessly.</p>
			<p>“Eb, tell me the message,” whispered Betty.</p>
			<p>“Message? What message?” asked <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zone. “What are you talking about?”</p>
			<p>“Do not tease⁠—not now. Tell me.” There was an undercurrent of wistfulness in Betty’s voice which touched the kindhearted brother.</p>
			<p>“Well, today a certain young man asked me if he could relieve me of the responsibility of looking after a certain young lady.”</p>
			<p>“Oh⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Wait a moment. I told him I would be delighted.”</p>
			<p>“Eb, that was unkind.”</p>
			<p>“Then he asked me to tell her he was coming over tomorrow morning to fix it up with her.”</p>
			<p>“Oh, horrible!” cried Betty. “Were those the words he used?”</p>
			<p>“Betts, to tell the honest truth, he did not say much of anything. 
			He just said: ‘I love her,’ and his eyes blazed.”</p>
			<p>Betty uttered a half articulate cry and ran to her room. Her heart was throbbing. What could she do? She felt that if she looked once into her lover’s eyes she would have no strength. How dared she allow herself to be so weak! Yet she knew this was the end. She could deceive him no longer. For she felt a stir in her heart, stronger than all, beyond all resistance, an exquisite agony, the sweet, blind, tumultuous exultation of the woman who loves and is loved.</p>
			<p>* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *</p>
			<p>“Bess, what do you think?” said <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane, going into the kitchen next morning, after he had returned from the pasture. “Clarke just came over and asked for Betty. I called her. She came down looking as sweet and cool as one of the lilies out by the spring. She said: ‘Why, <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Clarke, you are almost a stranger. I am pleased to see you. Indeed, we are all very glad to know you have recovered from your severe burns.’ She went on talking like that for all the world like a girl who didn’t care a snap for him. And she knows as well as I do. Not only that, she has been actually breaking her heart over him all these months. How did she do it? Oh, you women beat me all hollow!”</p>
			<p>“Would you expect Betty to fall into his arms?” asked the Colonel’s worthy spouse, indignantly.</p>
			<p>“Not exactly. But she was too cool, too friendly. Poor Alfred looked as if he hadn’t slept. He was nervous and scared to death. When Betty ran upstairs I put a bug in Alfred’s ear. He’ll be all right now, if he follows my advice.”</p>
			<p>“Humph! What did Colonel Ebenezer Zane tell him?” asked Bessie, in disgust.</p>
			<p>“Oh, not much. I simply told him not to lose his nerve; that a woman never meant ‘no’; that she often says it only to be made say ‘yes.’ And I ended up with telling him if she got a little skittish, as thoroughbreds do sometimes, to try a strong arm. That was my way.”</p>
			<p>“<abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane, if my memory does not fail me, you were as humble and beseeching as the proudest girl could desire.”</p>
			<p>“I beseeching? Never!”</p>
			<p>“I hope Alfred’s wooing may go well. I like him very much. But I’m afraid. Betty has such a spirit that it is quite likely she will refuse him for no other reason than that he built his cabin before he asked her.”</p>
			<p>“Nonsense. He asked her long ago. Never fear, Bess, my sister will come back as meek as a lamb.”</p>
			<p>Meanwhile Betty and Alfred were strolling down the familiar path toward the river. The October air was fresh with a suspicion of frost. The clear notes of a hunter’s horn came floating down from the hills. A flock of wild geese had alighted on the marshy ground at the end of the island where they kept up a continual honk! honk! The brown hills, the red forest, and the yellow fields were now at the height of their autumnal beauty. Soon the November north wind would thrash the trees bare, and bow the proud heads of the daisies and the goldenrod; but just now they flashed in the sun, and swayed back and forth in all their glory.</p>
			<p>“I see you limp. Are you not entirely well?” Betty was saying.</p>
			<p>“Oh, I am getting along famously, thank you,” said Alfred. “This one foot was quite severely burned and is still tender.”</p>
			<p>“You have had your share of injuries. I heard my brother say you had been wounded three times within a year.”</p>
			<p>“Four times.”</p>
			<p>“Jonathan told of the axe wound; then the wound Miller gave you, and finally the burns. These make three, do they not?”</p>
			<p>“Yes, but you see, all three could not be compared to the one you forgot to mention.”</p>
			<p>“Let us hurry past here,” said Betty, hastening to change the subject. “This is where you had the dreadful fight with Miller.”</p>
			<p>“As Miller did go to meet Girty, and as he did not return to the Fort with the renegade, we must believe he is dead. Of course, we do not know this to be actually a fact. But something makes me think so. Jonathan and Wetzel have not said anything; I can’t get any satisfaction on that score from either; but I am sure neither of them would rest until Miller was dead.”</p>
			<p>“I think you are right. But we may never know. All I can tell you is that Wetzel and Jack trailed Miller to the river, and then they both came back. I was the last to see Lewis that night before he left on Miller’s trail. It isn’t likely I shall forget what Lewis said and how he looked. Miller was a wicked man; yes, a traitor.”</p>
			<p>“He was a bad man, and he nearly succeeded in every one of his plans. I have not the slightest doubt that had he refrained from taking part in the shooting match he would have succeeded in abducting you, in killing me, and in leading Girty here long before he was expected.”</p>
			<p>“There are many things that may never be explained, but one thing 
			Miller did always mystify us. How did he succeed in binding Tige?”</p>
			<p>“To my way of thinking that was not so difficult as climbing into my room and almost killing me, or stealing the powder from <abbr>Capt.</abbr> Boggs’ room.”</p>
			<p>“The last, at least, gave me a chance to help,” said Betty, with a touch of her odd roguishness.</p>
			<p>“That was the grandest thing a woman ever did,” said Alfred, in a low tone.</p>
			<p>“Oh, no, I only ran fast.”</p>
			<p>“I would have given the world to have seen you, but I was lying on the bench wishing I were dead. I did not have strength to look out of a porthole. Oh! that horrible time! I can never forget it. I lie awake at night and hear the yelling and shooting. Then I dream of running over the burning roofs and it all comes back so vividly I can almost feel the flames and smell the burnt wood. Then I wake up and think of that awful moment when you were carried into the blockhouse white, and, as I thought, dead.”</p>
			<p>“But I wasn’t. And I think it best for us to forget that horrible siege. It is past. It is a miracle that anyone was spared. Ebenezer says we should not grieve for those who are gone; they were heroic; they saved the Fort. He says too, that we shall never again be troubled by Indians. Therefore let us forget and be happy. I have forgotten Miller. You can afford to do the same.”</p>
			<p>“Yes, I forgive him.” Then, after a long silence, Alfred continued, 
			“Will you go down to the old sycamore?”</p>
			<p>Down the winding path they went. Coming to a steep place in the rocky bank Alfred jumped down and then turned to help Betty. But she avoided his gaze, pretended to not see his outstretched hands, and leaped lightly down beside him. He looked at her with perplexity and anxiety in his eyes. Before he could speak she ran on ahead of him and climbed down the bank to the pool. He followed slowly, thoughtfully. The supreme moment had come. He knew it, and somehow he did not feel the confidence the Colonel had inspired in him. It had been easy for him to think of subduing this imperious young lady; but when the time came to assert his will he found he could not remember what he had intended to say, and his feelings were divided between his love for her and the horrible fear that he should lose her.</p>
			<p>When he reached the sycamore tree he found her sitting behind it with a cluster of yellow daisies in her lap. Alfred gazed at her, conscious that all his hopes of happiness were dependent on the next few words that would issue from her smiling lips. The little brown hands, which were now rather nervously arranging the flowers, held more than his life.</p>
			<p>“Are they not sweet?” asked Betty, giving him a fleeting glance. “We call them ‘black-eyed Susans.’ Could anything be lovelier than that soft, dark brown?”</p>
			<p>“Yes,” answered Alfred, looking into her eyes.</p>
			<p>“But⁠—but you are not looking at my daisies at all,” said Betty, lowering her eyes.</p>
			<p>“No, I am not,” said Alfred. Then suddenly: “A year ago this very day we were here.”</p>
			<p>“Here? Oh, yes, I believe I do remember. It was the day we came in my canoe and had such fine fishing.”</p>
			<p>“Is that all you remember?”</p>
			<p>“I can recollect nothing in particular. It was so long ago.”</p>
			<p>“I suppose you will say you had no idea why I wanted you to come to this spot in particular.”</p>
			<p>“I supposed you simply wanted to take a walk, and it is very pleasant here.”</p>
			<p>“Then <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane did not tell you?” demanded Alfred. Receiving no reply he went on.</p>
			<p>“Did you read my letter?”</p>
			<p>“What letter?”</p>
			<p>“The letter old Sam should have given you last fall. Did you read it?”</p>
			<p>“Yes,” answered Betty, faintly.</p>
			<p>“Did your brother tell you I wanted to see you this morning?”</p>
			<p>“Yes, he told me, and it made me very angry,” said Betty, raising her head. There was a bright red spot in each cheek. “You⁠—you seemed to think you⁠—that I⁠—well⁠—I did not like it.”</p>
			<p>“I think I understand; but you are entirely wrong. I have never thought you cared for me. My wildest dreams never left me any confidence. <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane and Wetzel both had some deluded notion that you cared⁠—”</p>
			<p>“But they had no right to say that or to think it,” said Betty, passionately. She sprang to her feet, scattering the daisies over the grass. “For them to presume that I cared for you is absurd. I never gave them any reason to think so, for⁠—for I⁠—I don’t.”</p>
			<p>“Very well, then, there is nothing more to be said,” answered Alfred, in a voice that was calm and slightly cold. “I’m sorry if you have been annoyed. I have been mad, of course, but I promise you that you need fear no further annoyance from me. Come, I think we should return to the house.”</p>
			<p>And he turned and walked slowly up the path. He had taken perhaps a dozen steps when she called him.</p>
			<p>“<abbr>Mr.</abbr> Clarke, come back.”</p>
			<p>Alfred retraced his steps and stood before her again. Then he saw a different Betty. The haughty poise had disappeared. Her head was bowed. Her little hands were tightly pressed over a throbbing bosom.</p>
			<p>“Well,” said Alfred, after a moment.</p>
			<p>“Why⁠—why are you in such a hurry to go?”</p>
			<p>“I have learned what I wanted to know. And after that I do not imagine I would be very agreeable. I am going back. Are you coming?”</p>
			<p>“I did not mean quite what I said,” whispered Betty.</p>
			<p>“Then what did you mean?” asked Alfred, in a stern voice.</p>
			<p>“I don’t know. Please don’t speak so.”</p>
			<p>“Betty, forgive my harshness. Can you expect a man to feel as I do and remain calm? You know I love you. You must not trifle any longer. You must not fight any longer.”</p>
			<p>“But I can’t help fighting.”</p>
			<p>“Look at me,” said Alfred, taking her hands. “Let me see your eyes. I believe you care a little for me, or else you wouldn’t have called me back. I love you. Can you understand that?”</p>
			<p>“Yes, I can; and I think you should love me a great deal to make up for what you made me suffer.”</p>
			<p>“Betty, look at me.”</p>
			<p>Slowly she raised her head and lifted the downcast eyes. Those telltale traitors no longer hid her secret. With a glad cry Alfred caught her in his arms. She tried to hide her face, but he got his hand under her chin and held it firmly so that the sweet crimson lips were very near his own. Then he slowly bent his head.</p>
			<p>Betty saw his intention, closed her eyes and whispered.</p>
			<p>“Alfred, please don’t⁠—it’s not fair⁠—I beg of you⁠—Oh!”</p>
			<p>That kiss was Betty’s undoing. She uttered a strange little cry. Then her dark head found a hiding place over his heart, and her slender form, which a moment before had resisted so fiercely, sank yielding into his embrace.</p>
			<p>“Betty, do you dare tell me now that you do not care for me?” Alfred whispered into the dusky hair which rippled over his breast.</p>
			<p>Betty was brave even in her surrender. Her hands moved slowly upward along his arms, slipped over his shoulders, and clasped round his neck. Then she lifted a flushed and tearstained face with tremulous lips and wonderful shining eyes.</p>
			<p>“Alfred, I do love you⁠—with my whole heart I love you. I never knew until now.”</p>
			<p>The hours flew apace. The prolonged ringing of the dinner bell brought the lovers back to earth, and to the realization that the world held others than themselves. Slowly they climbed the familiar path, but this time as never before. They walked hand in hand. From the blur they looked back. They wanted to make sure they were not dreaming. The water rushed over the fall more musically than ever before; the white patches of foam floated round and round the shady pool; the leaves of the sycamore rustled cheerily in the breeze. On a dead branch a woodpecker hammered industriously.</p>
			<p>“Before we get out of sight of that dear old tree I want to make a confession,” said Betty, as she stood before Alfred. She was pulling at the fringe on his hunting coat.</p>
			<p>“You need not make confessions to me.”</p>
			<p>“But this was dreadful; it preys on my conscience.”</p>
			<p>“Very well, I will be your judge. Your punishment shall be slight.”</p>
			<p>“One day when you were lying unconscious from your wound, Bessie sent me to watch you. I nursed you for hours; and⁠—and⁠—do not think badly of me⁠—I⁠—I kissed you.”</p>
			<p>“My darling,” cried the enraptured young man.</p>
			<p>When they at last reached the house they found <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane on the doorstep.</p>
			<p>“Where on earth have you been?” he said. “Wetzel was here. He said he would not wait to see you. There he goes up the hill. He is behind that laurel.”</p>
			<p>They looked and presently saw the tall figure of the hunter emerge from the bushes. He stopped and leaned on his rifle. For a minute he remained motionless. Then he waved his hand and plunged into the thicket. Betty sighed and Alfred said:</p>
			<p>“Poor Wetzel! ever restless, ever roaming.”</p>
			<p>“Hello, there!” exclaimed a gay voice. The lovers turned to see the smiling face of Isaac, and over his shoulder Myeerah’s happy face beaming on them. “Alfred, you are a lucky dog. You can thank Myeerah and me for this; because if I had not taken to the river and nearly drowned myself to give you that opportunity you would not wear that happy face today. Blush away, Betts, it becomes you mightily.”</p>
			<p>“Bessie, here they are!” cried <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane, in his hearty voice. “She is tamed at last. No excuses, Alfred, in to dinner you go.”</p>
			<p><abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane pushed the young people up the steps before him, and stopping on the threshold while he knocked the ashes from his pipe, he smiled contentedly.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
