<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Afterword</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="epilogue" role="doc-epilogue" epub:type="epilogue">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Afterword</h2>
			<p>Betty lived all her after life on the scene of her famous exploit. She became a happy wife and mother. When she grew to be an old lady, with her grandchildren about her knee, she delighted to tell them that when a girl she had run the gauntlet of the Indians.</p>
			<p><abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane became the friend of all redmen. He maintained a trading post for many years, and his dealings were ever kind and honorable. After the country got settled he received from time to time various marks of distinction from the State, Colonial, and National governments. His most noted achievement was completed about 1796. President Washington, desiring to open a National road from Fort Henry to Maysville, Kentucky, paid a great tribute to <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane’s ability by employing him to undertake the arduous task. His brother Jonathan and the Indian guide, Tomepomehala, rendered valuable aid in blazing out the path through the wilderness. This road, famous for many years as Zane’s Trace, opened the beautiful Ohio valley to the ambitious pioneer. For this service Congress granted <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane the privilege of locating military warrants upon three sections of land, each a square mile in extent, which property the government eventually presented to him. <abbr>Col.</abbr> Zane was the founder of Wheeling, Zanesville, Martin’s Ferry, and Bridgeport. He died in 1811.</p>
			<p>Isaac Zane received from the government a patent of ten thousand acres of land on Mad river. He established his home in the center of this tract, where he lived with the Wyandots until his death. A white settlement sprang up, prospered, and grew, and today it is the thriving city of Zanesfield.</p>
			<p>Jonathan Zane settled down after peace was declared with the Indians, found himself a wife, and eventually became an influential citizen. However, he never lost his love for the wild woods. At times he would take down the old rifle and disappear for two or three days. He always returned cheerful and happy from these lonely hunts.</p>
			<p>Wetzel alone did not take kindly to the march of civilization; but then he was a hunter, not a pioneer. He kept his word of peace with his old enemies, the Hurons, though he never abandoned his wandering and vengeful quests after the Delawares.</p>
			<p>As the years passed Wetzel grew more silent and taciturn. From time to time he visited Ft. Henry, and on these visits he spent hours playing with Betty’s children. But he was restless in the settlement, and his sojourns grew briefer and more infrequent as time rolled on. True to his conviction that no wife existed on earth for him, he never married. His home was the trackless wilds, where he was true to his calling⁠&#x2060;—a foe to the redman.</p>
			<p>Wonderful to relate his long, black hair never adorned the walls of an Indian’s lodge, where a warrior might point with grim pride and say: “No more does the Deathwind blow over the hills and vales.” We could tell of how his keen eye once again saw Wingenund over the sights of his fatal rifle, and how he was once again a prisoner in the camp of that lifelong foe, but that’s another story, which, perhaps, we may tell some day.</p>
			<p>Today the beautiful city of Wheeling rises on the banks of the Ohio, where the yells of the Indians once blanched the cheeks of the pioneers. The broad, winding river rolls on as of yore; it alone remains unchanged. What were Indians and pioneers, forts and cities to it? Eons of time before human beings lived it flowed slowly toward the sea, and ages after men and their works are dust, it will roll on placidly with its eternal scheme of nature.</p>
			<p>Upon the island still stand noble beeches, oaks, and chestnuts⁠&#x2060;—trees that long ago have covered up their bullet scars, but they could tell, had they the power to speak, many a wild thrilling tale. Beautiful parks and stately mansions grace the island; and polished equipages roll over the ground that once knew naught save the soft tread of the deer and the moccasin.</p>
			<p>McColloch’s Rock still juts boldly out over the river as deep and rugged as when the brave Major leaped to everlasting fame. Wetzel’s Cave, so named to this day, remains on the side of the bluff overlooking the creek. The grapevines and wild rosebushes still cluster round the cavern entrance, where, long ago, the wily savage was wont to lie in wait for the settler, lured there by the false turkey call. The boys visit the cave on Saturday afternoons and play “Injuns.”</p>
			<p>Not long since the writer spent a quiet afternoon there, listening to the musical flow of the brook, and dreaming of those who had lived and loved, fought and died by that stream one hundred and twenty years ago. The city with its long blocks of buildings, its spires and bridges, faded away, leaving the scene as it was in the days of Fort Henry⁠&#x2060;—unobscured by smoke, the river undotted by puffing boats, and everywhere the green and verdant forest.</p>
			<p>Nothing was wanting in that dream picture: Betty tearing along on her pony; the pioneer plowing in the field; the stealthy approach of the savage; Wetzel and Jonathan watching the river; the deer browsing with the cows in the pasture, and the old fort, grim and menacing on the bluff⁠&#x2060;—all were there as natural as in those times which tried men’s souls.</p>
			<p>And as the writer awoke to the realities of life, that his dreams were of long ago, he was saddened by the thought that the labor of the pioneer is ended; his faithful, heroic wife’s work is done. That beautiful country, which their sacrifices made ours, will ever be a monument to them.</p>
			<p>Sad, too, is the thought that the poor Indian is unmourned. He is almost forgotten; he is in the shadow; his songs are sung; no more will he sing to his dusky bride: his deeds are done; no more will he boast of his all-conquering arm or of his speed like the Northwind; no more will his heart bound at the whistle of the stag, for he sleeps in the shade of the oaks, under the moss and the ferns.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
