<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Note</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="frontmatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="foreword" epub:type="foreword">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Note</h2>
			<p>In a quiet corner of the stately little city of Wheeling, West Va., stands a monument on which is inscribed:</p>
			<p>“By authority of the State of West Virginia, to commemorate the siege of Fort Henry, <abbr>Sept.</abbr> 11, 1782, the last battle of the American Revolution, this tablet is here placed.”</p>
			<p>Had it not been for the heroism of a girl the foregoing inscription would never have been written, and the city of Wheeling would never have existed.</p>
			<p>From time to time I have read short stories and magazine articles which have been published about Elizabeth Zane and her famous exploit; but they are unreliable in some particulars, which is owing, no doubt, to the singularly meager details available in histories of our western border.</p>
			<p>For a hundred years the stories of Betty and Isaac Zane have been familiar, oft-repeated tales in my family⁠—tales told with that pardonable ancestral pride which seems inherent in everyone. My grandmother loved to cluster the children round her and tell them that when she was a little girl she had knelt at the feet of Betty Zane, and listened to the old lady as she told of her brother’s capture by the Indian Princess, of the burning of the Fort, and of her own race for life. I knew these stories by heart when a child.</p>
			<p>Two years ago my mother came to me with an old notebook which had been discovered in some rubbish that had been placed in the yard to burn. The book had probably been hidden in an old picture frame for many years. It belonged to my great-grandfather, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Col.</abbr> Ebenezer Zane. From its faded and timeworn pages I have taken the main facts of my story. My regret is that a worthier pen than mine has not had this wealth of material.</p>
			<p>In this busy progressive age there are no heroes of the kind so dear to all lovers of chivalry and romance. There are heroes, perhaps, but they are the patient sad-faced kind, of whom few take cognizance as they hurry onward. But cannot we all remember someone who suffered greatly, who accomplished great deeds, who died on the battlefield⁠—someone around whose name lingers a halo of glory? Few of us are so unfortunate that we cannot look backward on kith or kin and thrill with love and reverence as we dream of an act of heroism or martyrdom which rings down the annals of time like the melody of the huntsman’s horn, as it peals out on a frosty October morn purer and sweeter with each succeeding note.</p>
			<p>If to any of those who have such remembrances, as well as those who have not, my story gives an hour of pleasure I shall be rewarded.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
